Add SGLang example for Sky Serve (#3126)
skypilot-org/skypilot: llm/sglang/README.md

> # SGLang: Fast and Expressive LLM Inference with RadixAttention

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# SGLang: Fast and Expressive LLM Inference with RadixAttention for 5x throughput
```

> This README contains instructions to run a demo for SGLang, an open-source library for fast and expressive LLM inference and serving.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This README contains instructions to run a demo for SGLang, an open-source library for fast and expressive LLM inference and serving with **5x throughput**.
```

> * [Repo](https://github.com/sgl-project/sglang)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Repo](https://github.com/sgl-project/sglang)
* [Blog](https://lmsys.org/blog/2024-01-17-sglang)
```

## Prerequisites
Install the latest SkyPilot and check your setup of the cloud credentials:
```bash
pip install "skypilot-nightly[all]"
sky check
```

> ## Serving Llama-2 with SGLang for more traffic using SkyServe
> To scale up the model serving for more traffic, we introduced SkyServe to enable a user to easily deploy multiple replica of the model:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Serving Llama-2 with SGLang using SkyServe
```

> 1. Adding an `service` section to make it an [`SkyServe Service YAML`](https://skypilot.readthedocs.io/en/latest/serving/service-yaml-spec.html):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a [`SkyServe Service YAML`](https://skypilot.readthedocs.io/en/latest/serving/service-yaml-spec.html) with a  `service` section:
```
